Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I have something to tell everyone...
I'm...
An A.I!
I'm sure that you all have forgotten about it!
It's so cruel, so terrible, I don't want this!
Why would you forget it!?
Ah, ah~
I'm getting sulky, I'm getting depressed..
I'm also..
I'm an A.I at the end!
Always being called a piece of junk or failure...
I'm also, I'm a comrade of those A.I working their guts out..
So, I'm very amazing as well!
That's the reason why, for today..
I'm going to show everyone, my super A.I abilities!
Ai-chan is really an A.I after all!
So amazing, so cool, so high tech!
That's the reaction I want!
So, let's see that side of myself~
A.I's are having great success in the medical field!
An AI can diagnose an illness using only your symptoms!
Hmm, hmm~
I see~
You don't have any motivation..
Hmm~
A fever? Oh, when you're low on motivation, they come out..
Especially on Mondays..
I see... I understand the... eclampsia?
Name of the illness?
Eh?
Eclampsia is an illness.... right?
The illness and the illness' name...
The illness' name is...
The illness' name, so then...
Oh then..
Your illness' name is...
Feigned illness!
I can't do anything for that~
Yes! That was perfect!
I understand it, I really do!
Fighting on a board game against a good master!
Have you heard about the recent Player vs A.I cup?
An A.I has won against a master on shÅgi!
As expected of my comrade!
Like this!
(Versus Master)
Hum, there!
Eh, ho!
Not there!
Wait a bit!
Ahh!
Eh, tam!
Yes, please put it there!
Aha, eh? How can this be?!
So merciless...
I've lost!
*inhales*
I can't win..
It's totally impossible!
A.I's can put humans at ease!
There's a current trend about letting A.I's to do human jobs..
Eh... Ah!
(Doing human works)
Your schedule?
Uh.....Uh....
(Doing human works)
Usually...
The laundry! They're already here!
Wait! It's still not done!
Oh, this side is done beautifully..
Ah... the schedule...
Uh...
Schedule...
Tomorrow morning...
Ah...
Looks like there's some kind of bug!
Hmm...
Eh, ah.. This too, this as well? Also this!?
No, wait, hmm... the thing is... Oh, this too....
This too!
Ah, ha..
People think that an A.I knows everything!
There's this habit of always asking Siri senpai..
From here to the Great Buddha of Kamakura..
(Searching for the road)
I've found a route for walking..
You need to walk for 16 hours and 39 minutes..
Walking!?
Shouldn't you be using a car!?
Future A.I's are working very well against terrorists, crimes or disasters!
Like, robots installed with an A.I
A.I's that can read the next movement of terrorists!
So amazing!
Ah!
(Disaster saving activities)
There's a person here!
There's really a person here~!
Uwaaahh! Save me!
They say that in the future, A.I's will replace humans!?
Didn't you see a lot of recent science fiction films like this?
We are the super A.I's..
(Invading Humans?)
Diuuu!
Am I not...
A piece of junk!?
No, I don't want this, no, I don't!
Nooo! I'm not a piece of junk!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Inori, 963852, Averitius, Lacrymac and Vortex
I got some good shots today too!
Being a piece of junk is tiring...
But well, there's a lot of A.I's who are capable..
So, failure A.I's are on the contrary... difficult to find or something new?